Xiaofan, you damn thing
Today I will make you kneel here and beg for mercy
Xiaofan can't think of it
My horse is back
What are you doing?
I don't want to do it anymore.
Go back to your job
What are you?
Today, I'm going to clean him up
No one can stop it
The road can't be stopped
It's Scar who came today
It's useless for his father to come
Xiaofan hit me very well yesterday, right?
I didn't expect it to be back so soon today.
It's cool
I don't mind smoking you more
You you damn thing
Even if Lu Zhangyue comes today, he can't save you.
And I'll put it there.
Even if it is grandson Fei
Xiaofan didn't kill you when he finished work at your house last time.
It's my business.
I let you ruin my good deeds again and again
But it's okay
It's useless for you today, it's too late.
Are you stupid?
Get down on your knees
Xiaofan is still young
He still wants to be human
I don't care about this old thing
I'll get on my knees and apologize to you. Come and sit
How can such a thing bring you here?
I'm not here.
I didn't expect this kid to be more than just a poor guy
Still a coward hahahahaha
You deserve to be humiliated, and it will be over if you admit your mistake earlier
What hard bones
Xiaofan is a coward
Soft egg oops
I see who dares to move
Just because you want me to kneel
Don't pee and look at yourself